This is ObjectiveAccounts, aka objective, an ongoing effort to create a simple
but highly usable accounting system suitable for use by consultants, small
businesses, and small non-profit organizations.

    Copyright (C) 2005 Operational Dynamics Consulting Pty Ltd, and others.
    See AUTHORS file for contributors.
    See lib/README for third party code.

1) ObjectiveAccounts source code and documentation
--------------------------------------------------

ObjectiveAccounts is Logiciel Libre and is Open Source; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2
("GPL"), with the exception that external third party libraries used by
ObjectiveAccounts do not need to be licenced under GPL so long as they are
redistributable under an Open Source licence.

ObjectiveAccounts is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GPL for more details. In particular,
note that if you use this and loose your data, you're on your own.

Of course, if you find a bug, please let us know. And, if you fix anything or
improve the code please contribute your changes back - that's the whole idea of
Open Source. See BUGS and HACKING files for details.

You should have a copy of the GPL somewhere on your system. If you don't, see
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html or write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA.

2) prerequisites and dependencies
---------------------------------

ObjectiveAccounts depends on a number of external libraries. They are either
provided by your operating system distribution or, in some cases, are shipped
alongside the ObjectiveAccounts sources in the lib/ subdirectory. That code is
open source (or we couldn't have redistributed it), but note that third party
sources are made available under the terms specified by their authors and as
documented in the individual licences within those files, as noted below and in
lib/README.

3) use of Java
--------------

ObjectiveAccounts is written in the Java programming language. You have the
option of building and running ObjectiveAccounts either using the proprietary
compilers and runtime environments are available from Sun and others, or using
the libre and open Java implementation available through GCJ and the GNU
CLASSPATH project. We welcome you to deploy ObjectiveAccounts using either
approach.

4) trademarks and acknowledgments
----------------------------------

Java is a trademark of Sun Microsystems.

Code from the db4objects, Inc's db4o object-oriented database engine is
included. See licence (GPL) in
    lib/com/db4o/ObjectContainer.java

